Readme.md, before:

Chocolate
=========

A __very__ basic static site generator.

Installation
------------

`clone git@github.com:rael9/chocolate.git project_name`

That should be it.

Usage
-----

Create a config.json file. This should have a `navigation` list and a `pages` list.

Each `navigation` item should have a `page` which is the name of the html file this link should navigate to, and a `name`, which is the text for the link. It can also have a `classname` if you want the specific `li` to have a class. The navigation will be returned as an `li` for each nav item, with a `selected` class on the current page.

Each `pages` item should have a `input_file` which is the filename of the content file to pull the HTML from and a `title` which is the title of the page. You can also have an `output_file` if you want it to be something other than the `input_file` name.

Use the config.json.example as a starting point.

Create a template.html file. This should have {navigation} where you want the navigation to be, and {body} where you want the HTML you create to be. Use template.html.example as a starting point.

Create the HTML files you want to be your pages in the 'content' folder.

Run ./chocolate.py.

Your new site will be in 'site'.

You should put any CSS, JS, etc. in the site folder.

Commit message:

Updates to generate an index, and streamline the configuration.

Readme.md, after:

Chocolate
=========

A __very__ basic static site generator.

Installation
------------

`clone git@github.com:rael9/chocolate.git project_name`

That should be it.

NOTICE
------

Version 2 has changed the format of the config.json. If you don't need the new features, you can continue to use your current config with version 1.

Usage
-----

Create a config.json file. This should have at least a `pages` array, and optionally a `settings` object.

Each `pages` entry should be an object with the following properties:

 - `input_file` (required) which is the filename of the content file to pull the HTML from
 - `output_file` (optional) if you want the output file to be something other than the `input_file` name.
 - `title` (required) which is the title of the page.
 - `name` (required) which is the text that will be used for the navigation link for this page.
 - `classname` (optional) to add a class to the navigation link.
 - `nav_exclude` (optional) if this is set to `true`, it will exclude this page from the navigation.

The `settings` object has the following possible properties:

 - `auto_index` which if set to `true` will tell the script to generate an index with the specifications set in the other properties.
 - `index_length` which is the number of previews of pages to put on the index.
 - `preview_length` which is the number of paragrahs to use for each preview.
 - `slug_class` which is the class to get the slug (preview title) from.

You can use the config.json.example as a starting point.

Create a template.html file. This should have `{navigation}` where you want the navigation to be, and `{body}` where you want the HTML you create to be. Use template.html.example as a starting point.

Create the HTML files you want to be your pages in the 'content' folder.

Run ./chocolate.py (add the -h flag if you want to see the optional flags).

Your new site will be in 'site'.

You should put any CSS, JS, etc. in the site folder.
